# Automobile Industry - ABC Energy

## 1.Introduction
The electric two-wheeler set-up appears a lot more promising, in the form of research, financial acquisitions & investments, that makes the electric vehicle segment thrilling. Well, there is also the forward push by the government and the references of its think-tank, NITI Aayog.
The innovation of internal combustion engine is one of the best creations of humankind. The traditional vehicles with ICE provide a good performance but are the major cause for poor efficiency and environment pollution across the country.
Decreasing fuel consumption and carbon emissions are the most important goal among the present-day plan of government across the globe. Thinking about the future of a country, an efficient and eco-friendly electric two-wheeler must be designed and manufactured.
The automobile industry is in the midst of a huge technological disruption. Today, electric is the preferred choice because of its inherent efficiency that will shape urban commute and the cities of tomorrow. In parallel, the world around us is getting connected, enabling integration of devices and making our life experiences seamless. Intelligent vehicles will revolutionize our commute experience in the future and the ABC’s 250 Plus stands at the cusp of this exciting reality.
ABC Energy is a startup focused on designing and selling premium electric two-wheelers for the Indian market. We want to change the perspective about electric vehicles by building high- performance, zero-maintenance, and smart electric vehicles. The company manufactures only one scooter model at present - 250. We have also established an electric vehicle charging network called ABC Grid.

## 2.COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE
The top 10 competitors in ABC Energy's competitive set are:
• Ola Electric
• Ather
• GoGreenBOV
• Ampere
• Okinawa Scooters
• AVERA
• Bajaj Auto
• Hero MotoCorp
• TVS
• Pure EV
• Tork Motors Pvt

## 3.BUSINESS MODEL
At ABC Energy, the business model which we are using is online-only purchase model for selling the product with doorstep service. We have set up its manufacturing unit in Whitefield, Bangalore which commenced production in 2024 with a capacity of around 100 vehicles per month. We have disclosed the price of the ABC 250 to be ₹1,25,000.
We are planning to set up our new 10,000 sq ft. facility in Hosur, Tamil Nadu by the end of 2022. The new facility will be designed to produce 2500 units annually and is scalable to three thousand units.
Customers get to see all our options including things like customer reviews, ingredient lists, and related recipes or uses. Videos and photos of your product in use and FAQ sections can give customers more information than they would ever have in a brick-and-mortar store.
Finally, as more and more consumers are switching their buying habits to online, we'll be able to reach more people and increase sales from an online presence.


## 4.REVENUE MODEL
A revenue model is the strategy of managing a company’s revenue streams and the resources required for each revenue stream. At ABC Energy we use transactional revenue model, the production model is also one of the most common revenue models. Using the production model, we produce/manufacture a new product for sale and generates revenue when the customer pays for it.
The advantage which we get at ABC is that consumers are more attracted to this experience because of its simplicity and the wider set of options. The revenue is generated by directly selling our e-bike to a customer. The price of the e-bike constitutes the production costs and margin. Increasing the margin, our business can generate more income from sales.
